Environment Requirements:
    python version: 3.10.1
    pip version: 21.3.1



    External library/module/package requirements can be found in ./requirements.txt
    (install by running : "pip install -r requirements.txt" in console while being at the root of the project directory)

Assignment:

    Here is the link to the data set: https://open-enernoc-data.s3.amazonaws.com/anon/all-data.tar.gz



    Inside this archive you will find 100 CSV files, each representing a separate data stream of meter data.
    There are 6 columns of data, in order:



    timestamp

    dttm_utc

    value

    estimated indicator

    anomaly indicator



    Instructions



    Pick a language: JavaScript or something functional preferred but Ruby or Python is OK



    Part 1:

    Write a program to load the data in to memory.  Identify & rank the data streams with the most NaN and 0 values.
    Ignore any data stream that appears to hold only binary values (0 and 1).

    The output should include the percentage of 0's or NaN's relative to the number of intervals for each data stream.
    Additionally include the count of 0's or NaN's for each data stream.



    Part 2:

    When analysts look at our data streams 5 minute data intervals are often too granular.
    Many times hourly or daily data for each data stream is more than enough.

    Write an algorithm that will quickly and effectively roll data up for each data stream in to both hourly and daily
    sums.
    Additionally please compute the following statistics at both the hourly and daily level for all data streams:

    *   Min

    *   Max

    *   Median

    *   Mean

    The output should include the above items listed on the screen by id for both hourly and daily rollups.

    Extra Credit:

    Find the 2 data streams that are the most similar.  You define what similar means.

    Directions:

    1.  Your code should be easily readable and maintainable

    2.  Include unit-tests to validate your application’s functionality

    Some things to keep in mind:

    *   You do not need a UI, just unit tests

    *   Output to the screen is fine, though your output data should be structured and persisted in memory

    *   You do not need to use an external data storage system, but think about how the data could be modeled
        in a datastore (SQL or NoSQL) if you were to transition from the in memory database to a persistent datastore

    Questions:

    *   If you had to choose a persistent datastore to use for this application, what would you use and why?
            Depends on a few factors - regarding how this data is linked to the clients and how it will be used.
            However, I would go with Mongo for this. Other than linking the data to a batch - there arent any relationships
            here. And Mongo is perfect for semi-structured data storage.

    *   How could we scale running algorithms such as this to run across 10's of thousands of sites many times a day?
            Producer : Consumer structure with API's. The ranking done at the end of the batch is the main point of concern.
            For interval-level calculations - those can be done by an individual api call and recorded to the database
            with the batch id.

            The ranking and marking the batch as complete has to be done once the batch is complete.

    *   How did you structure your application such that adding additional analytic types would require minimal code changes?
            It isnt "fully" - configurable (e.g., it isnt config.json/yaml driven - as the configurations have callback functions
            however, the in-code configuration can be changed to easily add new interval types/calculations.